README.md, before:

# EditorConfig Vim Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim)

This is an [EditorConfig][] plugin for Vim. This plugin could be found on both
[GitHub][] and [Vim online][].

## Installation

If your Vim is not compiled with `+python` feature (You can verify if the
`+python` feature is included by running `:ver`.  Most Linux distributions and
with the official Windows binary have the `+python` feature enabled), please
first download the [EditorConfig core][] and follow the instructions in the
README and INSTALL files to install it. This plugin would NOT work if neither
`+python` nor EditorConfig core is available.

To install this plugin, you can use one of the following ways:

- Download the [archive][] and extract it into your Vim runtime directory
  (`~/.vim` on UNIX/Linux and `$VIM_INSTALLATION_FOLDER\vimfiles` on windows).
  You should have 3 sub-directories in this runtime directory now: "autoload",
  "doc" and "plugin".

OR

- Use [pathogen][] (the git repository of this plugin is
  https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.git)

OR

- Use [Vundle][] by adding to your `.vimrc` Vundle plugins section:

        Plugin 'editorconfig/editorconfig-vim'

  Then remember to call `:PluginInstall`.


## Supported properties

The EditorConfig Vim plugin supports the following EditorConfig [properties][]:

* `indent_style`
* `indent_size`
* `tab_width`
* `end_of_line`
* `charset`
* `insert_final_newline` (Feature +fixendofline (available on Vim 7.4.785+) or [PreserveNoEOL][] is required for this property)
* `trim_trailing_whitespace`
* `max_line_length`
* `root` (only used by EditorConfig core)

## Recommended Options

All of the options which are supported are documented in [editorconfig.txt][]
and can be viewed by executing the following: `:help editorconfig`.

#### Excluded patterns.

To ensure that this plugin works well with [Tim Pope's fugitive][], use the
following patterns array:

> let g:EditorConfig_exclude_patterns = ['fugitive://.\*']

If you wanted to avoid loading EditorConfig for any remote files over ssh:

> let g:EditorConfig_exclude_patterns = ['scp://.\*']

Of course these two items could be combined into the following:

> let g:EditorConfig_exclude_patterns = ['fugitive://.\*', 'scp://.\*']

#### Exec Path

The file path to the EditorConfig core executable. You could set this value in
your |vimrc| like this:

> let g:EditorConfig_exec_path = 'Path to your EditorConfig Core executable'

## Bugs and Feature Requests

Feel free to submit bugs, feature requests, and other issues to the
[issue tracker][]. Be sure you have read the [contribution guideline][]!

[EditorConfig core]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-core
[EditorConfig]: http://editorconfig.org
[GitHub]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim
[PreserveNoEOL]: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4550
[Tim Pope's fugitive]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive
[Vim online]: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3934
[Vundle]: https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim
[archive]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim/archive/master.zip
[contribution guideline]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-an-issue
[issue tracker]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim/issues
[pathogen]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
[properties]: http://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig/wiki/EditorConfig-Properties
[editorconfig.txt]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim/blob/master/doc/editorconfig.txt

Commit message:

Squashed 'vimsetup/.vim/bundle/editorconfig-vim/' changes from a459b8cf..a069da84
a069da84 Fix message when trimming line endings
6bd7d2b3 Respect modifiable flag when trimming whitespace
26781c57 Put function definitions before usage
d5c4d6dc Call shellescape() on EditorConfig Core binary
8918c5fa Handle shellslash for external Python command
1ddafb58 Refactor out shellslash handling
f62d9ed9 README.md added :helptags ALL to guide ignorant folks like myself who couldn't understand why :help editorconfig did not work out of the box.

git-subtree-dir: vimsetup/.vim/bundle/editorconfig-vim
git-subtree-split: a069da8426ec5b9fc4d9f83c783c999e9d20f7d0

README.md, after:

# EditorConfig Vim Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim)

This is an [EditorConfig][] plugin for Vim. This plugin could be found on both
[GitHub][] and [Vim online][].

## Installation

If your Vim is not compiled with `+python` feature (You can verify if the
`+python` feature is included by running `:ver`.  Most Linux distributions and
with the official Windows binary have the `+python` feature enabled), please
first download the [EditorConfig core][] and follow the instructions in the
README and INSTALL files to install it. This plugin would NOT work if neither
`+python` nor EditorConfig core is available.

To install this plugin, you can use one of the following ways:

- Download the [archive][] and extract it into your Vim runtime directory
  (`~/.vim` on UNIX/Linux and `$VIM_INSTALLATION_FOLDER\vimfiles` on windows).
  You should have 3 sub-directories in this runtime directory now: "autoload",
  "doc" and "plugin".

OR

- Use [pathogen][] (the git repository of this plugin is
  https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.git)

OR

- Use [Vundle][] by adding to your `.vimrc` Vundle plugins section:

        Plugin 'editorconfig/editorconfig-vim'

  Then remember to call `:PluginInstall`.


## Supported properties

The EditorConfig Vim plugin supports the following EditorConfig [properties][]:

* `indent_style`
* `indent_size`
* `tab_width`
* `end_of_line`
* `charset`
* `insert_final_newline` (Feature +fixendofline (available on Vim 7.4.785+) or [PreserveNoEOL][] is required for this property)
* `trim_trailing_whitespace`
* `max_line_length`
* `root` (only used by EditorConfig core)

## Recommended Options

All of the options which are supported are documented in [editorconfig.txt][]
and can be viewed by executing the following: `:help editorconfig`. You may
need to execute `:helptags ALL` so that Vim is aware of editorconfig.txt.

#### Excluded patterns.

To ensure that this plugin works well with [Tim Pope's fugitive][], use the
following patterns array:

> let g:EditorConfig_exclude_patterns = ['fugitive://.\*']

If you wanted to avoid loading EditorConfig for any remote files over ssh:

> let g:EditorConfig_exclude_patterns = ['scp://.\*']

Of course these two items could be combined into the following:

> let g:EditorConfig_exclude_patterns = ['fugitive://.\*', 'scp://.\*']

#### Exec Path

The file path to the EditorConfig core executable. You could set this value in
your |vimrc| like this:

> let g:EditorConfig_exec_path = 'Path to your EditorConfig Core executable'

## Bugs and Feature Requests

Feel free to submit bugs, feature requests, and other issues to the
[issue tracker][]. Be sure you have read the [contribution guideline][]!

[EditorConfig core]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-core
[EditorConfig]: http://editorconfig.org
[GitHub]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim
[PreserveNoEOL]: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4550
[Tim Pope's fugitive]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive
[Vim online]: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3934
[Vundle]: https://github.com/gmarik/Vundle.vim
[archive]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim/archive/master.zip
[contribution guideline]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-an-issue
[issue tracker]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim/issues
[pathogen]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
[properties]: http://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig/wiki/EditorConfig-Properties
[editorconfig.txt]: https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim/blob/master/doc/editorconfig.txt
